Hi,
Good that you found this Note. It's me Garfield.

    We are getting closer to Luigi we need to get somethings though. First do you know what a Window Manager is? no ok then lets do the following
        Task: Lookup what a Windowmanager compared to a Desktop is.

    Ahh ok that is a Window Manager compared to a Desktop...
        Task: graphilically demonstrate from kernel to application?

    Ok thats a bit to much for me. Lets stick to Desktop envoirments for now.
        Task: look up different Desktop envoirments. Fedora has multiple different Desktop envoirments listed as "Spins" Where are the differnces between the Official release and KDE Spin.

    So is what is like super Lightweight maybe that helps.
        Task: Lookup differences between Desktops. (ignore the Windowmanager Spins) Make a table.

     We could put it on a USB and then boot on to a Live USB. But XFCE and LXQT dont look good... We have to make an impression too
        Task: Create a Fedora-KDE Usb stick.

     Maybe that works ok get in there and follow my instructions
        Task: Use James Laptop and boot into the USB
                1. Open Dolphin
                2. Go to the Drive of the Laptop -> Home -> James -> Secrets
                3. Open the secret sauce file

    Why is it empty??? ahhh thats why it was probably not a secured home directory... Ok lets try something else. But i wanna be more careful.
        Task: Take the Laptop with you and just unplug the stick without shutting down.

    You see we didn't wipe the Memory of that Laptop. with some tools we now could be traced back or atleast they would know we used a stick to boot on a USB.
    Since you are already on it. Install KDE on that Laptop. It is cooler than Gnome anyways
        Task: Install KDE and create a "Hackerman" Account.


    Lets use Tails.
        Task: look up Tails and install it on a USB using their instructions. (tails.net)

    Ok do the same again
        Task: boot on Tails and open a Browser then Unplug the USB

    See there our memory was wiped. that wouldve been better even though that is not what Tails is for.
        Task: Boot back into KDE and login Hackerman

    Ok lets make some Python code first. Make sure you have all the tools
        Task: Install python and a Codeeditor

    How about you write a simple Game just to check your skills. how about Snake? (you can do that on your Laptop)
        Task: write Snake in Python





